# ConnectFour

For the purpose of this project, the entire game is open source. To run Connect Four, you need a working version of Android Studio running on your computer.

To begin, open up Android Studio, in the main menu window, click Open up existing project, navigate to the file you want to open (the ConnectFour folder that we cloned the project contents into). You will then need to navigate to File menu in the upper right-hand corner of the screen, select “Invalidate Caches/Restart...” and, once Android Studio has finished restarting and loading back up again, click the gradle menu in the right hand side of the screen (look for a small vertical bar with a fancy, green logo that looks like a circle with a dot in it). Next, right click the “ConnectFour” tab (the one at the top of the menu, not the one that has the word “root” in parentheses next to it) and select “refresh external project”. After this, click on the “Make Project” icon (the icon looks like a green hammer near the upper right hand side of the screen) to build the project. This will cause gradle, the android studio build tool, to build the project. If successful, the next step is to click on the green “play” button. The “Select Deployment Target” window will then pop up, and it will then ask what kind of emulator you would like to run the application. Given that you have probably already created an emulator, go ahead and choose your favorite one. Once your emulator officially comes online, you should be able to run the project! 

If you wish to test online mode (or wish to play an online connect four game using the app), you will need to deploy the app on two different devices that support WiFi direct. In order to do this, you must first enable USB debugging mode on the two devices (which also requires enabling developer mode), plug your devices into the computer hosting the project and installation of android studio you are using, and select the two devices as deployment targets (instead of your emulator) when you click the green play button to deploy the app.
